In the 2060s, the world's climate has started to break down. Humans have failed to prevent climate change from doing irreparable damage to our planet. One of the most devastated areas in North America, New York City, as continually bombarded by powerful storms called Hypercanes. The rich and good of the city are now protected by a weather defense system called "The 100th Street Bubble". Described as a wealth apartheid, those who could not afford to live in The Bubble have migrated inland, in hopes of finding economic opportunities in Canada.

An increasingly authoritarian American government have created a refugee crisis on the Niagara Falls border, where those fleeing the devastation of the destruction of their homes, hope for permission to enter. Meanwhile, Canada, overwhelmed with the influx of newcomers has constructed an entirely new district - New Toronto - that floats on the waterfront nestled in the bay between the waterfront and Centre Island.

Meanwhile, through these increasingly fraught times, technology companies - new and old alike - have risen to global power status. Megagol, a small startup that won the race to develop a powerful AI bio-computing compound now has near monopoly of the creation and development of robotic technology. 

The tiny company ballooning in size, and building relationships in the process saves an ailing Meta from it's own hubris. Neurofluid, the prized fluid that powers all general AI, also proves to be an effective agent for integrating the human mind with the metaverse. 

Science progresses and, over time, we invent new more extreme ways to battle the elements of Mother Nature that have risen up to destroy us. Aloft the former Toronto "castle" of Casa Loma now sits a powerful weather weapon - The MacPherson Weather Cannon, which has promised for many years to put an end to the devastating Hypercanes which continue to ravage the US East Coast. Sadly, until very recently, no one believe that the computations necessary to fire it could be performed.

On a cold rainy Toronto night just a few days before Christmas, you get a call from your friend asking him to meet. His desperate voice pleading for you to come to your usual spot in the floating district of New Toronto. Little do you realise, you're about to unravel a conspiracy of deception, exploitation and greed.

Step into the world of Robot Lobotomy.